Com212 Introduction To Web Technologies
ANIL HACIBABA

When I started the Project, I first determined what I wanted to do.When I thought about it, I decided to make a Bmw sheet.

First, I created a menu on my web page.I got this menu from Bootstrap.After using the Navbar, I edited the menu.I finished the menu.
Then I applied the grid system in Layout.So I divided the web page into 3 sections.I created a Div clas container.

I decided to create a tables in Chapter One.And here I created a table of Bmw's most preferred cars.I created this table six < tr>.
I created three <td> from each <TR>.I created the table as Models-Fuel Type-Engine Power-Price List.
And in these tables I wrote 3 Series-5 Series-x1 series-x2 series as a 4 model car.
I would say that people prefer these models most because of the price.That's how I finished Chapter One.

When we got to the second part, I decided to graphically.I made the graphic with script.I entered eleven model values on the Script side.
And I've divided these values into two groups.I have separated it into gas and diesel fuel type.This chart is the price list of 
the 2020 model bmw.In this way, when you press the diesel option in the graphic, it directly selects all diesel models.
The same is true in gas.That's how I ended Chapter Two.

In the third part, I did it as a question and answer.I made it using collapsible.I've prepared three questions. 
These questions relate to bmw car models.I have prepared the topics for these questions as Xdrive, security and performance.
That's how I ended chapter three.

I added two marquees after I took care of them.It's what I used in the first marquee.
One < marquee behavior="alternate"> goes to its destination and returns.
It's what I used in the second marquee.the second marquee was arranged as a right-solo marquee with a direct <marquee>.
Besides, the writing stops when you press it.

The last thing I put on the web page was the watch.I made this watch as a script.I set the clock in three episodes.
I did it in hours-minutes-seconds.And then with the if code (am.pm) I made the adjustment.That's how I ended the clock.

I did my homework in a mobile-appropriate way.So I got the menu and layout from Bootstrap.Because mobile needs to be affordable.
When we do this, the menu-table-chart and question-answer also appear in a mobile way.And that's how I end this project.


